Alright, in this video we are going to go
through live coding exercise to show you
how to implement the assignment to
display the remaining recipe property. So
I'm going to go through it step by step. It's a live coding demonstration so
you'll see me make some mistakes along
the way but I'm going to step through how I
would normally develop a Thymeleaf
application. I'll try to teach you
whatever I can along the way as we
encounter different things. So if you're
getting more and more comfortable with
Thymeleaf, if I don't know where everybody's
at in the course, I get so many different
skill levels here.
If you feel comfortable with Thymeleaf
templating, go ahead and skip. But along
the way I'm going to pass on some nice
tips for you. So, if you are uncomfortable
a Thymeleaf please continue on watch it but
if you're think of your rock star with
Thymeleaf templating, go ahead and skip on
to the next section. Okay the first thing
we want to do is go in and add that hint. So let's jump back over to the index
template and we can now just copy this right
over. So we have a the model name is the
same. So we come in and add this up here
and this is just a comment but this is
something that IntelliJ is going to use
to figure out the recipe property. So
now IntelliJ will be able to
intellisense on that. So that gives us a
little bit of help there. Now if you
remember on our index page,
we did this, Thymeleaf remove all. So
on this where I have these additional
list items, that's what I want to be doing
there. So we're going to remove those
additional properties but here, we're
going to set up an iterator and remember
this here, tag each recipes. So we want to
do that for the list item this time. I'm going to
grab that over here come over to the
show.
And this time we want to grab the
category
and give that category there. We can see
how IntelliJ is still not happy with
that so let's hide that comment right
above it again. And now you can see that
the red squiggly went away. So now you
can do intellisense and there's our
categories. So
that's going to create a iterator on
that. So now we're going to say get that
description. So let's toggle over and
take a look at that. So I have Spring Boot up
and running so this template should
refresh automatically. And now we can see
that the two categories did in fact
change. So now we have prep time, cook
time and source so let's go and tackle
those real quick.
And I'm surprised I should be picking
this up. I'll just do prepTime there.
I'm going to expand out the Recipe so I can
see the properties. I don't want to put that
hint down everywhere thought that hint
worked better. And we see that these are
going by so we get ten and we need to add
in minutes and add a space there too.
I'm not getting a space display, that's
interesting. And I see where I've made
a mistake I got to come in here and do
paren, then we can catenate the
field. So that's between the curly brackets
there that gets evaluated as an
expression. Now this should work. And now
we can see that I do have that space
there after it's done. So I can copy that
right down to cookTime. So open paren
and closed paren. Now we want to add in
the source so I'm just going through the
different properties here. So on our data
serving source and URL must be perhaps
null. I have to take a look at our test
data and then here, we have the second
iterator so we want to do the same thing
on that. And so we're going to use this th
remove to hide those and I'm going to
grab this just to give our intellisense
working. Like that would have worked
everywhere but apparently it's only
going to work for the variable right
below it. And then we also want to set up
our iterator and its final list item.
That'll be a set of ingredients, we'll
call that ingredient. Now we want to do
text. Last line squiggly and we can get the
description there and we'll get a list
of our ingredients displayed on the page. Look over here, take a look. You can see
that we're now getting our ingredients
but we are not getting the quantities or
the uom. So it's going to get a little
tricky to display. So what we need to do is
start this on a new line.
And now we've got the different
properties so we have an amount,
description and the problem is here,
doing this we're going to have it all in
one string. So we need to add in a space. We will
do the same thing here. Now let's take a look
at that. Alright so we've got our
ingredients now there, each and let's
do make this a little more apparent. It
should look a little bit nicer to have a
dash there. Picking it up right away
though. Go ahead and restart Spring
Boot.
There's our dash. So every now and then, that library load doesn't work. So
you saw I just had a problem there and
from experience, you're like I okay I just
need to restart it. Now here's our
directions, so come in with Thymeleaf
text and display the recipe directions
and then we want to do the same thing on
notes in the paragraph tag.
Let's go ahead and refresh this. You can
see there's our directions. Notes
did not seem to take. Now that's because
notes is a property and I did not
specify. It must be notes. You saw I had a
bad property there alright. Actually I
had the right property but I didn't specify
recipeNotes. So now we can see that
our notes are actually displaying on the
page now. Servings URL, I thought we had
URL. Let's double check that. Take a look
at the recipe bootstrap. Now it looks
like we are not setting that, double
check the URL. And we are not assigning the
URL value so let's make sure that we get
that. I'm going to fix that real quick.
And actually I'm going to grab this
right from the web page, still have that
open. So there's our simply recipes,
guacamole. That and that, and what else
were we missing. Servings and source.
And you can see that Spring Boot was
recycling there, reloading the classes.
Let's do that and we'll cut, recipe not found.
So that's my exception there, so that
wasn't loaded. So our bootstrap data did
not get loaded. So I'm going to restart
Spring Boot and now we can see that
the URL is there extending out a little
bit. I'll take a look at that offline and
see if I cancome up with something to
make that look a little bit nicer. And
now we are displaying all the properties. Now there's one other thing I wanted to
show you before we close this down. I did
add a test up to our unit test. You
can actually do andExpect model
attributeExists recipe. So I did add the
validation there because in our
controller, this as a reminder, on our
controller the're on line 24, we are
adding the model attribute recipe. So now
our unit test is going to verify that a
recipe has been added to the model. So
it's a handy thing to do to make sure
that you are populating your model
correctly. So when I run this, we can see
that this additional test condition is
going to pass because we are in fact
adding the recipe.